Meditation, vipasyana meditation, or union of the vipasyana, shamatha meditation with visualization
, completion stages, practices, the teaching we apply now, teaching apply.
That teaching, what we practice is the visualization, Dzogchen meditation, or the shamatha
meditation.
What it is, that essence is, is the bodhicappa, essence is love, essence is joy, essence is
thinking of all living beings, essence is devotion.
That is what the practice, both the revitalization, the shamatha, vipasyana meditation, Dzogchen
meditation, really becomes so special because it starts with that beautiful religion at the same
flavor, same quality, same nutrition.
It's with that, that, then it becomes so special. So that is known as the second novel, without
grasping, without clinging, relaxing on the natural status, or abiding on the natural status, with
the relaxing atmosphere, with calm, peace, joy, yet not distracted from the points and keeping up
that flame, keeping up that light, beautiful.
And then that is known as the second novel, the middle or the medium novels, the principal novels.
And once we're going to concur with their practices, and then is the third novel.
Third novel is commonly known as dedication and aspiration practices. Dedication and aspiration
practice is the final novel. It's the Phoenician touch.
Now you've built up beautiful things, started with the beautiful foundation, beautiful structure,
beautiful things.
Now we're going to concur with that with Phoenician touch. Phoenician touch is dedication and
aspiration practice.
What is that? Dedication and aspiration practice. And again, it's no other than joy, appreciation,
and bodhicitta. Bodhicitta.
And because of that, we think everyone with joy, peace, happiness, what we did.
Thinking of your practice, meditation, what you did, did, and also meditation practice that what
you did in the past.
Even if we didn't remember now in the Buddha teaching, he said in the past lives we did a lot of
good activities, good activities.
That's what we are now here, like beautiful beings. All those beautiful, bring the past to virtuous
activity,
and gather all the present righteous activities, and the future of what you are going to plan to do
,
or what may going to happen, some of the beautiful activities on the next lines, definitely.
Bring up those mentally all protogonal and become that, become the cause.
May this become the great cause to bring the joy and peace, happiness for all living beings.
Remove their suffering, the difficult troubles, and cause of suffering, the difficult troubles,
and have always ignited, always glorified cause of joy and peace, happiness.
May that. So that, wishing for the cause and the result.
Whether wishing for the, or dedicating for the cause, dedicating the merit for the cause and the
result.
That means again, dedicating merit to remove the cause of suffering, and suffering itself.
Dedicating the merit to bring up the cause of joy and peace, happiness to every living beings,
and for the peace and happiness, happiness. And what is the cause of suffering difficulties?
And that is, the all the negative emotions, the all the poisons, is cause of suffering.
All the poisons, ignorance, attachment, anger, jealous, hated thoughts, doubt, and hesitation.
Those are the fundamental, the primary cause of sufferings, difficulties.
And what is the cause of happiness and joy and peace? It's both each other.
Simple way to tell. Love, kindness, compassion, detachment, appreciation, rejoice.
And wisdom, intelligence, wisdom that brings up true naturals.
Those are the cause of the happiness, cause of the peace, cause of the harmonious,
cause of good environments, and cause of the Buddhahood, of course, I mean surely.
Therefore, dedicated that wish, merit to pull those causes.
At the same time, aspirations may become everyone's enlightenment, may everyone have joy and peace,
happiness, and may immediately remove their suffering and difficulties.
Wishing all the good thoughts. That is known as aspirations.
Aspiration in the debate is called monom.
It's your wishing that, you express that, sincerely from our heart.
This is also known as know that wishing both each other. We had both.
Both each other has true. Wishing both each other, actualizing both each other.
Wishing both each other. It's true. It is all true from your heart.
It's not pretending, not lip services. My father used to say, "From where you're talking?"
He said, "From talking here, or talking here, or talking here."
That means it's just a lip service. Just talking on here.
But he said, "If talks here, if you talk here, it's true. That is it.
We're talking here. We're waking from here."
Therefore, it's so unique, so special.
This is known as the three frames of the practices.
Three noble frames.
As I said, if we like to make the practice noble, then this is very noble.
If we apply this, his whole teaching with these three frames,
which is already that, is not exclusive, is there,
and add that in those portrait of four wealth of Dharma,
then truly we will become very beautiful beings on this earth.
We will become one of the some of the shining stars in the beautiful galaxy of the samsara bowl.
Not just only that, but that star that's going to continue to shine along all our journeys.
All the way to the enlightenment, then we become one of the biggest stars, stars.
And that's how this practice goes.
So that is my, just a reminder, again, practices and now.